# VBA-Challenge
Module 2 Homework 
To complete this VBA challnge I referenced and re typed (not copy paste) code that was used in our Module 2 activities that helped me to jump start my initial code build. I scanned all of the activities through the 3 VBA module course work classes and pulled out examples that I felt were applicable to the key tasks at hand to build this code.  That included intial Dim casts, how to begin the "For Each ws In ThisWorkbook.Worksheets" and setting the variables.  This allowed me to really get a start on building the code to solve this problem.  The key piece that helped me from the course work was building the summary table as that was almost a direct example from one of our modules.  I also used course work examples to help me build out the <For, If, Else, End IF> statements. Finally the course work helped me with the correct syntax for the <ws.Cells().Value = "Variables">.  Finnaly I added on a message box at the of the code to let the use know the analysis was run complete.  I also used and referenced ChatGPT for two purposes.  The first was when I was stuck on a specific aspect of the build, I used ChatGPT to help me with incorrect syntax on lines of code. I did not copy paste (just like the lesson work).  I reviewed the response in a side by side comparison of my code and made the updates and tested it again and again.  So really just to help with syntax or ordering errors I was recieveing becuase my line(s) of code were either missing somehting, punctuation and bracketing was wrong, or was in the wrong order.  Lastly just an FYI I worked in VS code and then would move it over to the VBA developer it was alot easier to work on it that way.  
